hey guys miss horror here today we're
going to take a look at a film called a
good woman is hard to find
at the beginning of the movie we are
shown a blood-spattered woman called
sarah standing against a wall she closes
her eyes for a moment then walks under
the shower
and washes the blood off of her weary
then told her story
and the events that led to this
condition of hers sarah is seen at a
grocery store with her children
lucy and ben ben takes a bar of
chocolate off of one of the shelves and
eats it before she can stop him
one of the employees at the store comes
to her and gives her the wrapper her son
had thrown on the ground
telling her she needs to take it for
checkout she appears to be upset by this
and takes the rapper
walking to the cashier after noticing
the employee observing her from a
distance
she pulls the rapper out of her pocket
and gives it to the cashier to add to
the bill
the cashier gives her a bill that she
realizes exceeds her budget
and she cancels a few items on the list
as she leaves the store
a man called tito passes by her and
starts observing
two men who are selling something kept
in the back of their car
to a passerby back at sarah's home after
feeding her children
she is seen saying in nursery rhyme
though lucy is taking interest and
happily seeing it along
ben does not utter a word sarah puts the
kids to sleep and
leaves the room later that night she
tries to pleasure herself with a toy she
keeps under her pillow but finds the
battery drained
she then uses the batteries from one of
her children's toys to pleasure herself
and sleeps the next day she goes to the
police and asks for an agent for some
information about the mysterious death
of her husband stephen collins
after checking the records the agent
tells her to let
sleeping dogs lie refusing to give her
any
information sarah is then seen at her
mother's
her mother alice expresses her concern
for sarah
telling her she needs to toughen up she
then offers for sarah to come live with
her but
sarah turns her offer down saying she's
doing fine by herself
next sarah takes her children to their
father's grave and gives ben some
flowers to put in it
after ben has put the flowers on his
father's grave sarah takes her
children's hands and looks at the grave
with
tears rolling down her cheeks tito is
seen checking the doors of the cars on
the roadside to see if any of them were
left
unlocked he finds one he could use and
gets inside it
he then takes the car at full speed to
the mysterious man's car and crashes
into it from behind
the impact breaks open the trunk of the
car and tito grabs the item being sold
and makes a run for it
he sees sarah getting inside her house
with her children and rushes in after
her
he threatens her and tells her not to
make a sound
the frightened sarah requests tito to
let her take her children back to their
room
thinking he might want something from
her she takes her children to their room
and returns to see tito coming out of
her bathroom
tito then tells her to not tell anyone
of his presence
and leaves the mysterious men are then
revealed to be gangsters who appear in
front of their boss and tell him about
the stolen
valuable items their boss gets angry and
tells them to
immediately bring them back that night
tito returns to sarah's house
he takes the stolen items which are
revealed to be drugs out of a hidden
compartment in her bathtub and give her
of the money he got after selling some
of them she tells her he needs to keep
his drugs at her place as she is a
mother of two kids and no one would ever
suspect her
sarah tells him she doesn't want to be a
part in any of this and begs him to
leave but
he refuses threatening to kill her if
she doesn't comply
the next day sarah who is desperate to
know the reason for her husband's death
takes her children to the ground her
husband was killed on
she asks her son if he remembers
anything about the death of his father
but ben stands there terrified not
uttering a word
sarah decides that it was wrong for her
to take ben there and apologizes to him
before taking him back tito returns to
sarah's house again that night and
starts
casually watching the tv sarah asks him
if he was running from the police
but he laughs at her and tells her that
he was running from
gangsters this upsets sarah and she
starts begging him to leave
saying she has young ones to take care
of tito tells her he just needs to stay
for a few days
and then he'll leave sarah then tells
tito that her husband was stabbed to
death
and asks him if he knows anything about
him she further tells him
that no one saw what happened to her
husband she just went there
later to see ben crying beside his
father's dead body
tito looks at her picture with her
husband and remarks she looks nothing
like her old self
as sarah had stopped taking care of
herself after her husband's death
tito initially denies knowing her
husband but after
learning his name he recognizes it from
the newspaper
saying her husband was also a drug
dealer sarah gets upset and says her
husband was
not her tone clearly showing the hatred
she has for drug dealers tito a drug
dealer himself
gets angry and starts yelling at her
the next day at the grocery store the
employee from earlier notices sarah
doing a lot of shopping
he approaches her and asks her how much
she charges implying she must be earning
it
the easy way and then leaves laughing
after coming home sarah enjoys a great
carefree day with her children
they enjoy a great meal watch movies and
play together
after putting her children to bed sarah
goes to the bathroom and decides to try
the drugs out
however she is called by one of her
children and leaves without properly
covering the compartment with the drugs
a while later she notices that the drugs
are missing from the bathroom
she goes into a room and finds ben
sitting on the floor with drugs sprawled
out on the ground around him
and an open pocket in his hand she
panics and takes the drugs out of his
hand
immediately taking him to the bathroom
washing the drug off of him
and making him spit out everything in
his mouth
she later sits with him in his bed
asking him if he's okay
over and over again when tito starts
knocking at her door
she doesn't leave the bed and keeps
sitting with her children
tito breaks the glass on her door and
gets inside
sarah closes the door to her children's
bedroom and goes out to him
he notices that the drugs are missing
and sees them on the ground where ben
had put them
sarah starts apologizing saying she will
pay for his loss
but he gets angry and grabs her by the
throat
sarah says she would do anything he
wants and
he takes her to the bedroom where he
forces himself on her
sarah pulls her vibrator from under her
pillow and hits him in the eye with it
she quickly gets off the bed as he howls
in pain
she again attacks her and pins her to
the wall
sarah finds a knife on her dresser and
stabs him repeatedly in the side
until he falls to the ground and dies
sarah then goes to her children's room
and tells them the man is gone
she then hears a knock at her door and
goes to answer outside
she sees two policemen she learns that
someone had called the police after
hearing
shouting from her house she gets alarmed
but tries to stay calm
acting as if nothing had happened there
the cops come inside
and start observing the house seeing the
broken door and her terrified face
they conclude that she is being abused
by her husband
they ask her if she wants to report
anything but she doesn't
one of the cops asked why she likes
being knocked around
as he believed she's not reporting what
someone is doing to her
this infuriates her and she tells them
to leave her house immediately
sarah goes to her mother's the next day
and asks her to take care of her
children
while she's out at a night shift for a
new job she started
her mother reminds her that she was
supposed to take band to the doctor
today
and gets disappointed at her for
forgetting this sarah and her mother
then end up in a heated argument
where her mother tells her that
mirroring stephen was a big mistake
that she could have gone to college made
a great future for herself
but instead she chose to marry a drug
dealer and now
everything has ended this upsets sarah
as she never believed her husband was
what the police and the paper said he
was she could never believe
he was a drug dealer in fury she swears
at her mother
and leaves next the gangsters are seen
at the house of two of tito's friends
where they're asking them about tito's
whereabouts
tito's friends tell the gangsters they
have no idea where he is
and are both then killed by the
gangster's boss
at a tool shop sarah is seen buying an
axe and a saw
after returning home she covers a room
with plastic sheets and then cuts tito's
body up into little pieces with the
tools she bought before putting the
parts in trash bags
she then takes off the blood-covered
plastic sheets from the walls and
removes
every drop of blood from her furniture
this scene is followed by the one shown
at the beginning of the film
where a blood spattered sarah washes the
blood off of her face
and body after that she disposes of the
trash bags in the bins outside
the next day she takes ben to the
psychiatrist the psychiatrist tells
sarah that ben has been traumatized by
the death of his father
as he was the only one who witnessed his
death
due to that shock ben has hidden the
traumatizing memory away in his brain
and refuses to talk
as he knows when he does he will be
asked about it
the doctor says once the incident is out
ben will start talking again
a few of the doctor's words end up
angering sarah and she
leaves in a fury once lucy hears a new
word
she keeps repeating it over and over
this time the word that she starts
seeing
is tito though sarah repeatedly tells
her not to
lucy keeps repeating it a gangster hears
lucy and gets suspicious
the gangsters then start keeping an eye
on sarah
sarah is then visited by a social worker
who believes she might not be eligible
to take care of her children
she mentions the police reports saying
the reports mentioned that alcohol was
consumed that night
the house looked unkempt and shouting
was heard from the house
the social worker asks her what actually
happened that night and sarah reveals to
her that a man had intruded into her
house and had sexually assaulted her
after which she had stabbed him in the
eye with her vibrator
the social worker gets confused not
knowing what exactly to write in the
reports and
leaves the next day sarah notices the
gangster's car parked outside her house
she quickly takes her children and goes
out the back door but the gangsters find
her and start asking about tito
who they assume was her boyfriend sarah
denies knowing anything about tito and
doesn't tell them anything
when the boss arrives ben gets terrified
and starts to run away
seeing ben in the middle of the road
elory stops
and two men come out while the gangsters
are busy with the men and start beating
them up for their interference
sarah runs to ben and asks him if that
was the man that killed his father
and ben nods sarah then takes her
children to her mother's place and
reconciles with her
sarah tells her that though her mother
wasn't the one to express her
love and affection she had always been
there for her and she is thankful for
that
her mother also tells her that the love
between stephen and sarah was hard for
her to understand
because she personally never loved
anyone except sarah
the two then bond and then sarah goes up
to her children where she says the rhyme
for them again
she promises ben that she will never let
the gangster hurt him
after which he says his first word ever
since the day his father
died extremely happy by this
she descends the stairs to find the
gangster's boss standing at her mother's
door
not wanting any disturbance there sarah
tells him that she will bring tito to
his place
in an hour sarah gets ready and makes
her way to the gangster's place
one of the gangsters lead her to his
boss who asks her about tito
she asks them to open her bag and then
pulls tito's head out from it
showing it to him the boss starts to
laugh while the other gangsters step
away from her
calling her a psycho sarah then asks the
boss if he remembers her husband
which makes him stop laughing realizing
she has come for revenge
he gives his men the signal to end her
life but she pulls the gun out of tito's
head and shoots both the gangsters
the boss grabs his gun and shoots at her
but misses
sarah takes the chance to put a bullet
in his shoulder severely injuring him
with a bullet held to his head she asks
him why he killed her husband
he reveals to her that steven tried to
play the nice guy
and interfered when the boss was about
to kill someone who owed him money
not liking the interference the boss
stabbed him to death
he then grabs a gun but just as he's
about to shoot sarah
she puts a bullet in his head and ends
him one of the gangsters starts groaning
and sarah finishes him off with a blow
of a hammer to his head
sarah is then seen shopping at the
grocery store she has now started taking
care of herself and her appearance
the nosey employee approaches her again
and tells her that she must be getting
paid well
then implies he wants to be a client as
well
sarah tells ben to grab a chocolate bar
from the shelf and gives the rapper to
the employee
saying if he does not pay for it she
will go straight to management and tell
them that he flashed his privates in
front of her children
thus teaching him a lesson before
walking out of the store with a
satisfied smile on her face
tell me how you like the video in the
comments below make sure to like
subscribe and ring the notification bell
thank you for watching